# Dynamo
Dynamo is a Python script used to automatically upload battles from Splatoon 3's Splatnet, a program in the Nintendo Switch Online app used to view Splatoon 3 battle history, to [stat.ink](https://stat.ink/), a website that allows you to track the results and statistics of your Splatoon Games.  
Inspired by [s3s](https://github.com/frozenpandaman/s3s).  
Name given by [ivySIDEUP](https://twitter.com/ivySIDEUP), the #1 Dynamo Roller in all of North America

### Current Features
 - [x] Login flow with automatic token generation
 - [x] Ability to parse, format, and upload Splatoon 3 battle stats to stat.ink
 - [x] Support for Anarchy, X, Challenges, Splatfests, Tricolor, and Private Battles
 - [x] Support for (almost) all GraphQL queries, allowing you to get data from anything Splatnet allows you to see

### Planned Features
 - [ ] Multiple user support
 - [ ] Salmon Run job support
 - [ ] Big Run support
 - [ ] Big Big Run support (starting in Splatoon 3 v8.0.0)
 - [ ] Real time monitoring
 - [ ] CLI argument support
 - [ ] Ways to switch f token generation
 - [ ] Website view, allowing you to start/stop logging for specific users

## Install instructions
1. Download and install [Python version 3.12](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and add it to PATH during install
2. Download and install [pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx?tab=readme-ov-file#install-pipx)
3. Download and install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installing-with-pipx) (`pipx install poetry`)
4. (Windows only) install [Git](https://git-scm.com/download/win), if not already installed
5. Clone the script via terminal by running `git clone https://github.com/howlagon/dynamo -o dynamo`.
6. Change directory into Dynamo (`cd dynamo`) 

## Token Generation
For this program to properly function, it must periodically contact Nintendo's servers and generate two [access tokens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Access_token), a `g_token` and a `bulletToken`. Currently, the only way to generate these tokens with Dynamo is automatic. 

### Automatic Token Generation
This is best put my [Eli frozenpandaman](https://github.com/frozenpandaman), `Automatic token generation involves making a secure request to a non-Nintendo server with minimal, non-identifying information.`
Automatic token generation requires sending the following information to a third-party server ([imink.app](https://github.com/JoneWang/imink/wiki/imink-API-Documentation)):
 - Your Nintendo account ID  
 - An access token generated by Nintendo  
 - Your Coral ID  

There is _no_ other data sent to the imink API. Your username, session token, and other Nintendo account data are never sent to any non-Nintendo service. [imink privacy policy](https://github.com/JoneWang/imink/wiki/Privacy-Policy)  
Currently, there is no way to change this. In the near future, however, there will be a way to manually provide tokens, as well as switch to different token generation methods.  

## Privacy
_Last uppdated: May 24, 2024_  
With Dynamo ("dynamo", "our app", "our application", "we", or "us"), ensuring privacy and safety is a priority. The purpose of this statement is to inform you (the end user) about our privacy practices, including how we collect, use, store, and send any 
information.  
### The types of information handled:
Dynamo handles information relating to your Nintendo account, such as your `session token` and other access tokens, alongside basic information about your Nintendo account, such as your country, language, Mii character, and username. We also store additional information about your Nintendo account, such as your birthday, but that is never used nor accessed. Dynamo also handles data relating to Splatnet 3, such as battle data and Splatoon 3 user information.  
### The types of information stored:
Dynamo stores only your access tokens, stat.ink API key, and user account data on your device. No Splatnet 3 information is stored.  
### The types of information electronically transmitted:
Dynamo sends the following data to any non-Nintendo services:  
  Your Nintendo account ID, Coral ID, and an access token generated by Nintendo, used to generate a `g_token`  
  Data regarding battles and/or jobs from Splatoon 3's Splatnet service, edited to include only necessary information.  

Dynamo does not use any data or analytics collection services. Dynamo does not collect nor transmit any device data to any service. All user tokens and user account data are stored locally on your device in a `sqlite` database. Nobody, except the end user (and anybody with access to your device) may view, edit, or otherwise access your Nintendo account data or Nintendo tokens. Any data sent that includes your Nintendo account data or any Nintendo token is sent over HTTPS to an official Nintendo server. Data sent to `imink` is sent over HTTPS as well, but contains no Nintendo token.  
### Disclaimer
None of the creators or contributors to Dynamo are responsible for any damages caused as the result of using our application. You use Dynamo at your own risk.  
### Updates
This privacy statement is current as of the "Last updated" date, which appears at the top of this section. We may modify this statement from time to time. When changes are made to this privacy statement, they will become immediately effective when published in a revised privacy statement posted unless otherwise stated. We may also communicate the changes through Dynamo itself or other means.  
